	I am going to create a game where the whole objective is to take over the world. This will be targeted towards old teens (16+). 
At the beginning of the game, you are shown a globe of the world with everything grayed out. You get told that you can choose which country you want to represent. You can rotate the globe to see all of the different countries by clicking the left or right arrow. When you click on a country it highlights it and shows the flag of that country then gives a message asking if you want this as your native country. After clicking on a country, confetti flies and that country now becomes green with the flag of it in the center. Every country touching your native country is now red.
After choosing which country to represent, you now can start conquering other countries. You can only conquer the countries touching a country that you have already conquered (ie. the red countries). Clicking on one of the red countries highlights it, shows the flag, and gives a text asking if you want to conquer the country. 
When you click on a country to try and start conquering it, you get sent to a minigame screen. This minigame is a form of doodle-jump where you try to jump up and up the level until you reach the king of that country. There is a default character that sits at the bottom of the minigame and the screen says “click any arrow to begin” once you click an arrow, the minigame begins. Your character bounces up and down and moving the left or right arrow moves your character to one way. As you go up the level, you have to bounce your character on top of the random platforms that start to appear. If you miss a platform and fall off the world, you get sent out back to the world map screen. If you jump all the way up the game, there is a final platform that you must jump onto that has an image of the king of that country. Once you land on the platform, you have now conquered the level and confetti plays.
Once you conquer the level, you get sent back to the world map screen where a plane animation happens, flying that king from the country you just conquered back to your native country. A text dialogue then pops up that says the king died unexpectedly in some random fashion (ie. the plane crashed or they got into a car accident).

Aesthetics (Check Screenshots in my repository):
/Users/roenbeiley/Desktop/Topics/Web-Design/Screen Shot 2024-11-03 at 8.26.56 PM.png
/Users/roenbeiley/Desktop/Screen Shot 2024-11-03 at 8.31.34 PM.png
